hello everybody and welcome back to
another video so today I'll be showing
you all how to make class time without
any fake snow and this recipe is really
really simple you can literally get all
these ingredients from Dollar Tree like
ingredient similar to these so yeah it's
really simple and affordable recipe so
let's just go first you'll need a bowl
and something to mix with you also need
some glue it doesn't matter if you use
white glue or clear glue just some glue
so I'm using some lotion just to make my
son softer but you'll have to do this
and also I'm going to be adding some
food coloring but like once again you
don't have to do this you'll need a
slime activator and I didn't using 1
tablespoon of borax mixed with 1 cup of
water so the alternative for unfixed I'm
using some diapers and one diaper makes
a lot of takes no so beyond your lot and
it got this from Dollar Tree and I just
notice that there's anything since there
that's really cool just like to need
diapers so first you are going to be
putting the desired amount of glue into
your bowl and this is a basic slime
recipe the only difference is that
you're adding a bit more activator than
you usually do and then after it's hat
you're going to add in some of your food
coloring or lotion and this step is
totally optional you can choose to skip
it or not and once you've done that then
you're going to add in some of your
activator and once again but in more
than you usually would to over activate
it alright so I am now done over
activating my side and by over
activating I mean like adding too much
activator so it's not super stretchy it
rips apart pretty easy but it's time
just felt anyway so yeah I am done doing
that so now I'm gonna like set it aside
I'm going to put it right there and now
we're gonna take your bowl again and
fill it up now have a bowl of water you
need about that much in you like a nice
mountain water just soak your whole
diaper in so I'm gonna open once I said
oh here it is you're just gonna go ahead
and open it up I don't even know
to work diapers whoa this is big okay
maybe I do need a bigger bowl for this I
might need a bigger bowl for this but
usually need to get a bigger one anyway
so now you're just gonna pop it into
your water and I guess I'm gonna like
I'm not sure what I'm going to do
there's pop it into your water and then
make sure like all the areas are soaked
and everything and just leave it there
to soak for a bit it is all done you're
gonna go take your scissors I feel like
I should probably wet it some more but I
don't feel like any more water so you're
gonna take your scissors and then
they're just gonna cut open the diaper
so take like this upper sort of like
layer just kind of hard to show you guys
take just like upper area and make a
snip in it and start cutting just want
to sleep I keep on trying it until you
see our Vista okay this is what you will
need for the axle yeah this was I can't
speak properly this is what you'll need
for the fake snow so there are some like
tiny like paper parts and you do not
want that you're gonna throw that out
but the other parts you want so I'm
gonna go ahead and just pump it all in
pulling out into my bowl okay so I think
I am done and getting it all out so
here's all the fake snow I got I
actually got a lot so I'm going to make
a bit more time off-camera that's
because I don't think I got enough for
the amount of you know fix no I got but
make sure you don't want any of this
like paper stuff I don't know if you can
see if it's like wet paper you do not
want that stuff in your slice let's go
ahead and do it out you just want like
the regular I don't even know what this
stuff is but yeah so just sort it out
and then I'm gonna make a bit more slime
and then we're gonna put
here so beer okay so I have made a bit
more slime and you can see I didn't mix
it very well because it's kind of hard
to mix you know pretty hard slime
together anyway so now is the moment of
truth so I'm gonna go ahead and I guess
just pop it in there okay so now just
gonna mix it around try to make it all
stick I feel so weird I feel like I
shouldn't be playing with this stuff but
I mean it's okay I'm just gonna play
with it cuz why not so just go ahead and
mix it and I'll be back once I'm done
making my class on and this did make a
bit of a mess but so yeah just make sure
to do it over like a surface that you
can easily clean up but anyways here it
is and just took forever to mix in and
um just a little like mixing tip I guess
I would like grab it and I'll twist it
I'll just like speed up the mixing
process
so yeah I'll just do that anyway so here
it is all done I love it so so much and
it did get this a bit sticky want to
zoom in because you're in the diaper
stuff did have a bit of water in it so
just add some activator and also if you
are experiencing so much fallout as I am
right now like some of the diaper stuff
is falling I'll just add a bit more I'm
fine into it and then it should fix it
so this slime is heavenly I love it so
much it's exactly like last line um and
also it made a lot of slime like this is
my hand my hands by the way is pretty
big I'm like it's a big big fun a lot
fun huh and if you're wondering are you
sized for diapers I don't know size for
diapers is big or not but that's the
size I used and you can't get this firm
and I like from the Dollar Tree like a
5 I can't even speak I'm not
surprised the high impact from Dollar
Tree and one diaper makes you this much
slime this much class line it's insane
I'm not sure this is in focus cuz right
now just like bedding down and I don't
see my camera now but it's absolutely
amazing
well this time so much but yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this recipe and this
video sorry if you hear that can always
ask my parents I'm talking but I love so
much
if you like this recipe or not and if
you did please hit that sign like bun
define subscribe and comment and review
session time once again if this recipe
worked for you and how you like this on
cuz it's amazing but yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and I guess I'll
see you all later bye
[Music]